> What is Amazon S3?

 Amazon S3 (Amazon Simple Storage Service) is an ``object storage service``. Amazon S3 allows users to store and retrieve any amount of data from anywhere on the internet at any time
 
> What is bucket in AWS S3?

AWS Simple Storage Service (S3) bucket is an ``public object storage service``. Similar to file folders, Amazon S3 buckets store objects that contain data and descriptive metadata.

> What type of storage is S3?

Amazon S3 is an object storage service that allows you to store and retrieve any quantity of data from any location on the Internet.

> What are the constraints that must be taken into consideration when creating an S3 bucket?

The following constraints apply to meet with DNS requirements:

* ``Underscores`` should not be used in bucket names.
* Bucket names should be between ``3`` and ``63`` characters long, with no dashes at the end.
* There can't be any periods in the name of a bucket.
* There can't be any dashes next to periods in bucket names (e.g., ``abc-.testbucket.com`` and ``abc.-testbucket`` are invalid)
* Uppercase characters are not permitted in bucket names.
> How to create ``sub directory`` (object) in Amazon Web Service (AWS) S3?

S3 does not have any ``subdirectories``. There are buckets, and keys inside buckets.

> Is S3 a DFS?

S3 is not a distributed file system. It is a binary object store that stores data in ``key-value pairs``. Each bucket is a new ``database``, with keys being your ``folder path`` and values being the binary objects (files). It's presented like a file system and people tend to use it like one.

> What is the default S3 bucket policy?

Both Amazon S3 buckets and objects are private by default. Only the resource owner who created the AWS account can access that bucket. However, the owner of the resource can choose to grant access permissions to other resources and users.
